In the last lecture we have created two migrations one for the new tack model and also we have created
a migration for our pivot or intermediate table that will hold hold the relation between those two models.
Now let's define the relation on the models itself.
So a lot of us can query and associate those two models.
So first we'll add method on the blog post and call it tags.
So this implies that this will hold multiple models.
Now will redefine return this.
And the method you should use for the many to many relationship is belongs to many.
The first argument is the model it is related to.
So we will just use up tag.
Now you should also define this relation.
On the other side inside the tag models so let's add the public function.
This will relate to multiple blog posts and also on the other side will do belongs to many and this
relates to up slash blog posts.
So notice how we define our Many to Many relationship on both models.
You are using that belongs to many method.
Now this belongs to many method has some additional arguments.
So the first one is of course the model name of the relation but the second one is the table name.
And this refers to the pivot table name.
The one that we created our migration for.
So by default lot of us will try to guess the name of those table that should be given and based on
their model names how it converts them to underscores where there is another uppercase letter starting
and then adds an underscore for the next model and also all the models have the lower case singular
names.
Now if you need something else you for example would like to name your table differently.
You can define that using the second argument.
So here you can give a different table name if you created a migration with a different table name.
Now the next arguments.
First one is the foreign pivot key and another one related pivot key.
So this refers to the column names on the pivot table so as we see we have defined those using what
larva will try to guess which is first is the blog post idea.
And second is the tag idea if you need to call them differently.
This is where you configure that so for the first argument you will specify something else than blog
post idea.
For example a blog idea or post idea whatever you like.
And as the fourth argument you will specify something instead of the default tag idea that can be whatever.
Now if you will specify those arguments so you want something different than the default on the first
relation inside the blog post model.
You will also have to do that on the another side of the relation inside the tag model.
Now in the next lecture we will see how we can associate those two models and how we can query those
relationships from both the blog post and tag models.